Hey there!
Vincent Pellerin Boudriau,
amateur ice climber and lover
of Mont-Saint-Pierre.
What I find really extraordinary
about ice climbing
is that you're only focused
on the moment
and on the action that
you're doing.
You want to be as sure as
possible of your footing,
make sure your step is secure
because you're going to
rely on it to go and
stick your ice axe a little higher,
and you have to be used
to doing this kind of thing.
On Mont Saint-Pierre itself,
there are a few ice cascades
that you can go on
from the road.
On the other side of the valley,
on the mountain,
facing Mont Saint-Pierre,
now there's a place with a lot
of wiggle room to do that.
The walls over there
are between 70 to 80, 90 meters high.
That's one of the reasons why
we often come here
to Mont-Saint-Pierre.
Some of the paths are accessible
on foot.
We walk out of the cabin directly
with our boots on, ice axes in hand,
screws, quickdraws
on the harness.
Having a view of the river,
a view of the bay,
and being really isolated
in nature,
that's what makes you want to come
back year after year, actually.